[DOCS] converting rst to md in the installation folder (#2595)
open-edge-platform/edge-ai-suites: robotics-ai-suite/docs/embodied/get-started/prerequisites/Ubuntu-Set-Locale.md

Make sure you have a locale which supports `UTF-8`.
If you are in a minimal environment (such as a Docker container), the locale may be something minimal like `POSIX`.

> Intel has tested with the following settings. However, it should be fine if you're using a different UTF-8 supported locale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Intel has tested with the following settings. However, it should be fine if you are using a different UTF-8 supported locale.
```

> Intel has tested with the following settings. However, it should be fine if you are using a different UTF-8 supported locale.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Intel has tested it with the following settings. However, it should be fine if you are using a different UTF-8 supported locale.
```
